Readme.md, before:

Notes:\
- What has a higher cost, issuing a loan to someone who won't pay or not issuing a loan to someone who **would** pay? 

# Data Mining Project - Banking Loans

## Business Understanding

### Analysis of requirements

The banks would like to have the possibility to guess with an high level of certainty if accepting a loan requested by a customer would be positive for the bank. The banks keep a lot of data about their customers, including their personal information and the actions they already take in the bank. For this reason, the banks hope this data to be enough to correctly accept or not the customer's loan.

#### Descriptive problem:
(change) Identify groups of costumer that represent relevant behaviors for the bank.

#### Predictive Problem:
The goal is to predict whether or not a given costumer will be in debt. This is a **binary classification** problem and the predicted value is either -1 (the costumer will be in debt) or 1 (the costumer will pay).



### Definition of business goals


On banking loans world, banks would like to know when to accept a loan or not so they can increase gains and decrease losses. By analyzing customers, banks can draw conclusions about their customer's ability to keep their part of the deal. These conclusions may or may not be 100% correct, however the goal is to make profit by accepting loans only from costumers that are expected to pay (with some margin of error). 

Our business goals are as follows:
- Reduce costumers in debt significantly:
    - Issuing 0 loans (that get paid) represents a loss for the bank (since the bank has expenses to pay), therefore it is not an option.
    - Reduce costumers in debt by 70% (true positive rate at least 70%). 

- Do not significantly reduce credit to good costumer:
    - Give credit to at least 90% of the good costumer (true negative rate above 90%)


### Data mining goals

According to business goals there are data mining goals that can be set. We can understand that the priority for the client (the bank) is to decrease the amount of loans that result in debt. 

<!-- We define our confidence level (or threshold) at 80%, which means that it needs to be at least 80% sure that a costumer will pay in order to output 1. -->

<!--So that we can define a greater confidence interval at which loans should be accepted, let's say 80%. If the model is not at least 80% sure that the customer will pay the loan than the bank should refuse the loan. -->

<!-- With this strategy, it's hope to have the **precision** measure greater than the **recall** measure to fulfill the bank expectations about not accepting fallible loans. -->

The positive case is where the costumer will be in debt, so we want the ROC curve of our model, for a certain threshold, to be in the area defined by the conditions:
- TPR > 0.70
- FPR < 0.10

<!--According to business goals there data mining goals that can be set. We can understand that the priroty for the banks is to increase the ammount of loans rejected correctly. So that we can define a greater confidence interval at which loans should be accepted, let's say 80%. If the model is not at least 80% sure that the customer will pay the loan than the bank should refuse the loan. With this strategy, it's hope to have the **precision** measure greater than the **reacall** measure to fulfill the bank expectations about not accepting fallible loans.-->

Commit message:

fix typo costumers to customers

Readme.md, after:

Notes:\
- What has a higher cost, issuing a loan to someone who won't pay or not issuing a loan to someone who **would** pay? 

# Data Mining Project - Banking Loans

## Business Understanding

### Analysis of requirements

The banks would like to have the possibility to guess with an high level of certainty if accepting a loan requested by a customer would be positive for the bank. The banks keep a lot of data about their customers, including their personal information and the actions they already take in the bank. For this reason, the banks hope this data to be enough to correctly accept or not the customer's loan.

#### Descriptive problem:
(change) Identify groups of customer that represent relevant behaviors for the bank.

#### Predictive Problem:
The goal is to predict whether or not a given customer will be in debt. This is a **binary classification** problem and the predicted value is either -1 (the customer will be in debt) or 1 (the customer will pay).



### Definition of business goals


On banking loans world, banks would like to know when to accept a loan or not so they can increase gains and decrease losses. By analyzing customers, banks can draw conclusions about their customer's ability to keep their part of the deal. These conclusions may or may not be 100% correct, however the goal is to make profit by accepting loans only from customers that are expected to pay (with some margin of error). 

Our business goals are as follows:
- Reduce customers in debt significantly:
    - Issuing 0 loans (that get paid) represents a loss for the bank (since the bank has expenses to pay), therefore it is not an option.
    - Reduce customers in debt by 70% (true positive rate at least 70%). 

- Do not significantly reduce credit to good customer:
    - Give credit to at least 90% of the good customer (true negative rate above 90%)


### Data mining goals

According to business goals there are data mining goals that can be set. We can understand that the priority for the client (the bank) is to decrease the amount of loans that result in debt. 

<!-- We define our confidence level (or threshold) at 80%, which means that it needs to be at least 80% sure that a customer will pay in order to output 1. -->

<!--So that we can define a greater confidence interval at which loans should be accepted, let's say 80%. If the model is not at least 80% sure that the customer will pay the loan than the bank should refuse the loan. -->

<!-- With this strategy, it's hope to have the **precision** measure greater than the **recall** measure to fulfill the bank expectations about not accepting fallible loans. -->

The positive case is where the customer will be in debt, so we want the ROC curve of our model, for a certain threshold, to be in the area defined by the conditions:
- TPR > 0.70
- FPR < 0.10

<!--According to business goals there data mining goals that can be set. We can understand that the priroty for the banks is to increase the ammount of loans rejected correctly. So that we can define a greater confidence interval at which loans should be accepted, let's say 80%. If the model is not at least 80% sure that the customer will pay the loan than the bank should refuse the loan. With this strategy, it's hope to have the **precision** measure greater than the **reacall** measure to fulfill the bank expectations about not accepting fallible loans.-->
